# FA2016_APS-Molly-Hennessy-
Project Description: I would like to make a website with a wilderness theme. The website will discuss issues and animals in the wilderness. This will cover wilderness areas in a variety of settings. For this project I would also like to focus on sharpening my web development skills. To accomplish this I will include a variety of web technologies with the goal of making the website attractive and user friendly. The website will include multiple pages, images and animation effects. The goal of animation is to improve my skills as well as creating a user-interactive website.

Web Technologies: For this project I plan on using a variety of web technologies.  Some of these includ HTML, CSS, Javascript, Responsive Design, Subline Text and Adobe Creative Suite.

Learning Goals: The learning goals for this project will be completed in several steps. The first step in the project will be to gather finalize the project and conduct research. This step is to ensure that the goals of the class and the project are met. Also, it  will allow a smoother project if I have a set time-line to stick too. Before putting together my website I will conduct research to see what needs to be included in the website and the best methods of coding and designing the website. This will be done using a variety of tools and methods. This will assist me in achieving my main goal of this project. My main goal of the project is to develop my web development and design skills. I would also like to build on my skills in the areas of animation and responsive design. Additionally, I would like the final project to be user friendly and allow for user interaction. This could be done by using a variety of web development codes including hover, mouse click and double click. At the end of the semester my plan is to be able to add this project to my portfolio that may be viewed by potential employers. There are a variety of methods I will use to assist with making my project meet these goals. Some of these methods include using Adobe Creative Suite to crop images and create Wireframes and possible a Mood Beard for the website. This will help me get a feel for the website and catch potential issues early on. Finally, these steps will assist me with creating a final project for my portfolio.

